hi guys and today we're gonna be looking
at the hardware and benchmark scores of
the swipe phablet f3 so let's quickly
jump into quadrant standard and see the
hardware specifications of the device so
as you can see it 100 4.1.1 jelly bean
comes with a 1 gigahertz dual-core armv7
processor and swipe lists 512 mb of ram
but here it shows just about 475 mb of
ram on the device so let's run the full
benchmark test
so the device first tu-95 three points
in quadrant standard which is quite good
and it is placed above the Samsung
Galaxy Tab 10.1 as well as the Galaxy
Nexus so now let's turn on to do Bank
box under device
finally after taking ages to complete we
have a score of seven thousand one
hundred and eleven points on the Andrew
benchmarks so it's time to run in AMA to
so we have an enema to score of 27.53 s
on these swipe phablet f3 and finally
now is the time for a modulus benchmarks
as you can see we have a five-point
might touch screen on the device there
you go guys this was the hardware and
benchmark tests on the swipe phablet f3
thanks so much for watching guys this is
love enough Oregon you can follow us on
Facebook Twitter Google+ and also
subscribe to our YouTube channel
youtube.com / iya and